Setup instructions (#17)
PassiveLogic/differentiable-swift-examples: Benchmarks/BuildingSimulation/README.md

A Swift toolchain with support for differentiation must be installed and in your current path. We 
recommend using one [downloaded from Swift.org](https://www.swift.org/download/) for your platform. 
Nightly toolchain snapshots tend to have better performance, due to new optimizations and 
architectural improvements constantly being upstreamed. More information on toolchain installation 
and management can be found [here](https://passivelogic.github.io/differentiable-swift-examples/documentation/differentiableswiftexamples/setup).

> To build the benchmark, change into the `Swift` subdirectory and run the following:

Reviewer: It might be cleaner to move this sentence down and in place of the `Then we can compile` one.

> When on macOS export the following variables to make sure our custom toolchain uses the right sdk and runtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a recent Swift.org nightly toolchain snapshot on macOS, you may need to set the following environment variables to point to the correct macOS SDK and Swift runtime:
```
